hi guys it's Rachel so today I have a
video that I've been super excited to do
and I've been alluding to it a little
bit in some past videos but I'm finally
ready to film it and it is my 3000
subscribers giveaway where you guys have
the chance to win the Urban Decay Naked
2 palette and I have something love this
palette I think it's fantastic I'm going
away at the end of the week and this is
a palette that I'll be taking away with
me you get 12 different colors they have
matte shades and shimmer shades and
glitter shades and just really really
cool colors and then you also get a
double-ended brush there's a crease
brush and a flat shader brush and then
you also get this really cute lip gloss
which is really really nice I love the
sweet minty taste of it you guys have
the chance to win this plus also a
couple of other extra prizes that I'll
be throwing in when I draw the winners
so I just wanted to do this giveaway to
say thank you guys so much for all your
love and support over the last year and
a bit that I've been on YouTube it means
the world to me that you guys thumbs up
my video and leave comments and answer
my questions and it's just been such a
fantastic time in my life and all your
support has made my youtube experience
just that much better so that is why I'm
doing this giveaway and I hope you guys
enjoy it so enough of me rambling I'm
just going to tell you guys how you can
be entered to win so first up this
giveaway is open international so as
long as you guys can accept shipping
from Australia then you are more than
welcome to enter secondly to be eligible
to enter this giveaway you do need to be
subscribed to both my channels that's
this channel right tour JD and my second
channel Rachel likes to ramble and I'll
put links to those both in the bottom
bar below so you guys know where to go
and then thirdly I need you guys to get
your permission from a parent or
guardian to enter this giveaway if
you're under the age of 16 because I
will need your address details and
contact details in order for me to ship
the prizes out to you and then last but
not least I'm going to do this a little
bit differently usually I asked you guys
a question and just get you to answer in
the comments below but instead I have
created three different looks using the
Urban Decay Naked 2 palette because I
thought it would be a good way to show
you guys how to use this palette and it
would make some fun little tutorials so
I've created three looks and I'm going
to show you three different pictures of
the different looks and then what I want
you guys to do is vote on each look so
look number one is this look right here
I think this is a really fun
arm and I look using some sort of dark
purple
purples and browns and I really really
like it look number two which is right
here is actually inspired by Bella's
wedding makeup from Breaking Dawn Part
II true and I really really like this
look and then look at number three is
actually more of a dark smoky look and
it's a black and gold look which I think
would make a really nice prom or formal
look and also just like a nighttime look
so those are the three looks and I would
like you guys to vote and look one two
or three letting me know in the comments
below which one is your favorite and
that's how you'll be enter to win
however I do know that the pictures do
not do the looks justice I've actually
filmed three different tutorials showing
you each of the looks so you can see it
a little bit more depth and learn how to
recreate them yourself and those videos
will go up during the week so you guys
can either choose to wait until you see
the tutorials and then come back to this
video and vote on your favorite look or
just vote based on the photos but I do
ask that once the tutorials up in the
look that you like if you give that
video a thumbs up so I know that that
look is your favorite awesome and that's
basically it that's all you need to do
to enter but if you missed any of the
details I will list them in the bottom
bar below now I do ask that you leave
only one comment per YouTube account and
the giveaway will be open until Thursday
the 31st of May will close at 11:59 p.m.
Australian Eastern Standard Time so it
gives you guys plenty of got time to
watch the videos decide which look is
your favorite and then vote in the
comments below so that is it from me I'm
gonna go I wish you guys all the best of
luck I hope you guys enjoy this giveaway
and I'll see you all in my next videos
bye
[Music]